CHANGELOG: update changes for issue 18089 (#18482)
etcd-io/etcd: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-3.4.md

### etcd server
- Fix [performance regression issue caused by the `ensureLeadership` in lease renew](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/18440).

> - [keep tombstone if revision == compactAtRev](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/18475)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Keep the tombstone during compaction if it happens to be the compaction revision](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/18475).
```

### Package clientv3
- [Print gRPC metadata in guaranteed order using the official go fmt pkg](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/18311).

### Dependencies
- Compile binaries using go [1.21.13](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/18422).

> ### Others

Reviewer 2: It's not common for us to add changelog entries for tests. Is there particular reason we should call out these two changes to users via CHANGELOG?

Author: Hi @jmhbnz I added the tests because they're related to https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/18274. I can't just backport https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/18274 without these tests. However, currently the changelog only mentions functional change. I can remove the items anyway :p

Reviewer: Right, usually we don't update changelog for test. Please consider removing it.
